friendships
The holy sword
decimal closer by the
blade against the
edge-rying sword
which he ancient
Before leaving
for the
press
team
After
Drop down and hammer down
After the Tor 별로
Stay out
Diplomatic
Cast
سخر걸
4. REVERE
Over there is the ship.
So we'll fly right in to the ship.
I'll go and buy some people. I'm counting on you.
The other side is a chaos.
I'll jump into the mud.
I'll go and buy some people. I'm counting on you.
Knees.
Arms.
Feet.
The life-saving warriors
fluttered high into the fire.
They were bravely going.
Winner will be the winner.
The life-saving warriors
fluttered high into the fire.
They were bravely going.
Winner will be the winner.
Bankai.
Translated by Releska